Initial implementation (#3)
bazel-contrib/bazelrc-preset.bzl: README.md

# bazelrc Presets

Bazel has a tremendously large number of flags.
Many are obscure, many are important to use, and many have an undesirable default value.

Bazel options may be stored in `*.bazelrc` files, in several places on disk.
Read [the Bazel bazelrc documentation](https://bazel.build/run/bazelrc).

> This repo provides bazelrc files you may vendor into your repo, which we call "presets".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo provides a custom bazelrc file matching your bazel version you may vendor into your repo.
We call them "presets".
```

> [!NOTE]  
> Ideally bazelrc would allow import statements from external repositories, so that you wouldn't be forced to copy presets into your repo.
> However the current behavior is that imports must be repository-relative.
> This could also be considered a feature, since it means that newer preset changes will be code-reviewed when they arrive in your repo,

> > rather than as an invisible side-effect of updating the version of bazelrc-presets.

Reviewer: Probably opinionated, but I try to stick to 1 sentence per line for a few reasons:

- you don't have to mess around with the line length if you extend a sentence that is split over multiple lines
- usually editors have soft wrap so a user might not notice

Author: Yes that's been my preference as well, this was just some copy-pasta from previous repo...

## Usage

First add `bazelrc-preset.bzl` to your `MODULE.bazel` file.
Then call it from a BUILD file, for example in `tools/BUILD`:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```starlark
```

# bazelrc Presets

Bazel has a tremendously large number of flags.
Many are obscure, many are important to use, and many have an undesirable default value.

Bazel options may be stored in `*.bazelrc` files, in several places on disk.
Read [the Bazel bazelrc documentation](https://bazel.build/run/bazelrc).

This rule generates a custom bazelrc file that matches your bazel version
and makes it convenient to vendor into your repo.
We call this a "preset".

> [!NOTE]  
> Ideally bazelrc would allow import statements from external repositories, so that you wouldn't be forced to copy presets into your repo.
> However the current behavior is that imports must be repository-relative.

> > This could also be considered a feature, since it means that newer preset changes will be code-reviewed when they arrive in your repo, rather than as an invisible side-effect of updating the version of bazelrc-presets.

Author: Agreed, I'll only describe it as a feature. This is also the place to disclaim that we try to follow semver, as "breaking change" is up to the user to vendor.
